from Hollywood California so good to be back here in the spacious well not
spacious to the cook let's be honest it's cozy as great proof to say the cozy
and salubrious confines of meltdown comics once again Harmontown is now
in session let's welcome Spencer Crittenden to the stage shall we
and the mayor of Harmontown Mr. Dan Harmon sorry you man sorry
hello spooky it's scary here tonight it's scary every year all the all the
time this year that's everything gets so scary Jeff you went on a haunted hay
ride last night I did go on a haunted hay ride yeah it was scary finding out
finding out I can't sit cross-legged anymore oh the ghost of your 30s you
didn't even know they were dead wait it was your knees raking or what I just
couldn't okay here's what the haunted hay ride is you so okay so I didn't even
thank you for bringing up the haunted hay ride this is amazing I had nothing
the like like you you've missed proper controlling since I've been away oh damn
shots fired Curtis Armstrong talking to you the K-12 dude so okay come on no
tangents if you're a man of your word my job is to keep you on a straight
thread all the way through to the finish line yeah we've got an important
show tonight everything has been hammered out and if I wander it's a crime
and it ain't mine I ain't doing the time squeeze your ass like a piece of
lime I fucked your mama so hard she gave me an extra dime I said I'm gonna
call you I'm drawing a line all right so yes it's great you're right to a pod
it's absolutely I have nothing but respect for you the more that you
encourage me because it means you're good people because I love myself all of
that was sarcasm but but don't worry about it you're fine you know that we're
all smoke and light I'm killing or you're the worst anyway sorry that got
to you the I'm channeling Andy kindler because he's here tonight I feel like I
was like I'm like biting some of you're not a large enough vessel to hold the
majesty that is Andy kind no no nobody is I'm just saying like I'm doing some
like like some weird like I'm I'm such a fan that I'm kind of like I I wouldn't I
wouldn't be I wouldn't discount the idea that I'm kind of like enchanted and
sort of like have a kindler spell cast on me yeah I think when Andy kindler
enters the room the if you have any antenna at all they're they're they're
hitting a certain frequency of high-speed alacrity cunning and this and the
double triple quadruple self-awareness that turns into such self-denial that
it's like a swirling I think we can say that if he doesn't come at her and give
us the greatest comedy show all right so so yeah he went he went out he went to
get a sandwich oh okay so the haunted hayride okay so you go on it doesn't
matter this is you can imagine for me the haunted hayride is a thing that just
haunts my ability to get home in Los Feliz it clogs up traffic from the five
all the way to my place I don't drive anymore but I went there and you're
being driven you know there's a tractor when you when you're there that's the
irony is that you're driving and you're like slower than the tractor you sitting
on physical hay proper hay yeah there's hay so but there's no chairs so that's
the thing is like it's a chair on hay but here's the here's the thing about
hay and not having chairs and the hayrides even haunted ones I would have
would have assumed before the two nights ago that they're like I don't know why
you'd be riding on hay but I know that you wouldn't be doing it with 65 people
no it should be you and Terry Gar and the it should be you and Terry Gar
or Andy Kiddler or like Mike Nesmith I don't care who it is as long as there's
four to eight of them that would be a fucking good hayride you guys are gonna
have to google three-quarters of that to find out why it would be dynamite you're
gonna love it like when I call them the Coneval of Covech I'm like what just
Google they but but it's hate so okay so what happens is is it loose I'm
picture like a hay wagon it's loose hay it's loose slippery like effectively
lubricating hay it's not it's not bales of tightly bound healthy dog shit like
firm like like like like like like like nobody's fed at table scraps it's like
you revealed some of your own backstory on that no I have the fact that my dog
takes nice firm healthy poops and that and that even just stop what you're
doing because I'm about to ruin the things that you used to all right to
stop so everybody's just let me get to the fucking there's nothing there was
one thing so about that but the chain link there was a chain link area when
you stand in line and you get into the that there's a chain link area right
before you're getting into the hay cart and they haven't all worked out they've
been doing this for a long time not the scary parts but the crowd control parts
the scary parts are apparently decided on by committee three weeks before each
thing and I don't even know I walked out with so many questions I was like I
like like did they are they just upset about school shootings is that why they
just like just threw Rick random shit out there and just hoped it was a little
scary but not upsetting like like like it was like it was like a mildly
uncomfortable hayride not I would not call it haunted in the least by anything
like except for you know the ghost of pride and craftsmanship like I mean
that was certainly there like going remember me you forgot me and I was
like no the ghost of my I'm there's too many ghost jokes that they so take me
through it you're cruising along I'm imagining at like one mile an hour as
you're going through a various little town I have something to tell you about
before that though okay because the line you're in line and I was actually
happy to be there was VIP tickets for like five dollars more where you can
like walk past people and I'll do that in a fucking I would do that under normal
circumstances I would pay 500 times more than you would for the fun of walking
around you if I had to walk eight more times the distance I would I would just
so happy to be moving I would just walk around you and like and be rich I will
I'm not I am not a man of the people but I I did not buy a VIP ticket on purpose
because I was so high I was scared that I was gonna get scared because I said
Dino there's this is I don't like the people touching you and he said they
can't touch you they can't touch you they're not allowed to touch you which is
like the scariest thing in the world they're not allowed to touch you it
sounds a little scary but then they keep repeating that they don't touch them
they won't touch you they're not allowed to touch you you're not allowed to touch
them it's it's like it's like it's like Jonestown and but there's like and then
there's like these like okay so you should you go through the line and then
you get into this chain link area that's designed to hold not the number of
people but the volume of flesh when when the chain link thing right before you
get on the hay cart is full of human tissue they close it behind the last
person after they've shamed the front people you know good come on come on
move in move in and I thought the guy at first I was like oh he's like is he like
a like bad UCB or IO guy doing like a southern character to like create an
air of like because otherwise he's like in the middle of Los Angeles like
bossing people around who are drunk and high and and thought it would be funny
if they paid you to try to scare me motherfucker and like and I and I thought
that's actually brilliant that he that they've adopted like this southern thing
this is like something that people in LA are like maybe like oh shit I saw I saw
those movies I'm not gonna fuck with this guy yeah this guy's Ned Beatty but he
was too authentic and too unfunny to have been trained in anything and he's
because he kept doing these jokes he's like all right people so you get into
this chain link like like just just like this chain link like cauldron because
the doors open then you're gonna get on the hay cart oh it's gonna be so fun
when you get on the hay cart so then you're there and then this guy just like
you know peanut style has his forearms over the top of the chain link fence
looking down at you and he has a little baby bullhorn because you're not that
far away and he got any guys like okay people oh got a couple rules for you
gonna have a good time but you got to follow these rules do not touch the actors
I repeat do not touch the actors that goes for touching him but and then he
would like do some bit and I don't even remember the bit that's how unfunny and
nobody laughed and I was like I think I like dude do not stand when you're on
the hay cart keep all of your arms and hands down by your four point landing
that in other words that is your gluteus Maximus your butt your sugar shaker your
flamethrower I made it funnier than he did like he went he tried to like hit
like his joke was that he was talking hip-hop or something like for a set of
the idea so everyone's just like kind of bumped out there like yes we got it like
these are those are not unimportant rules we're glad you told them to us like
we're not we're not we're not snarky I thought I was with a group of enlightened
people like like like when nobody was causing trouble nobody was he was he
dressed spooky what was he dressed like a like a like a hillbilly like you know
they were all just a fight a tractor driven it's a tractor themed horror
experience it's it's I think you've all you know when you think of horror
staples you think of farm equipment like like chainsaws cut down trees who
would have thought those could be scary well everybody because they can cut
people and have but pitchforks you know who thought that well because they
stab people tractor rides get in the tractor this tractor isn't haunted it's
just just taking a break between its normal tractor functions while going
through a haunted area that's like there's a tractor pulling me it's like
everything's nothing scary when you're being pulled by a tractor so there's
nothing scary rosemary's baby what if she had been an attractor going to the
movie I was like oh you're baby special we want to I think our neighbors are
cultists but we're on a tractor so who cares like Jaws oh god there's that
this isn't this isn't this wasn't sure about a boat accident who I don't know
if he tries to bite us he'll probably break his teeth on the tractor we're on
a tractor you won't even need a bigger tractor you won't don't encourage him
it's it's it's my show encourage me I've been away for a while encourage me so
here's the only thing I can't believe you brought this up I didn't even what's
it's good I really remembered this and I it's like like so is me and Dino and
I was like so we're like yeah yeah we understand the rules so then this guy
like so then there was like some hustle over here like there was some
business happening over here on the outside of the cage and he's like huh
what oh oh okay you know Shelby Shelby Shelby Shelby because he realized and I
want you to remember that moment because he at first he was gonna do it loudly
and do as many bull but but but what you'll find in this story is that is that
the matter he needed to attend to demanded some respect and privacy so he
show me show me we got we got a little handicap over here no I need I need so
we're gonna go second round as a 65 no not 67 because it's too we got we got a
little handicap situation and I'm like I go okay look not when he wants you to
look now now that it's been all this time look and it's good well what did I
see a human being in a wheelchair who is having the scariest night of their
life now the night they feared since the moment whether it was birthed or
whatever ailed them what happened which is the dumbest people in the world
swarming around them calling them a little handicap and everyone being fine
with it while they claw at chain link just struggling for a view of the little
handicap I was fucking blown away and I would you know and I did like a guy
you know I thought at that point I was like well we're certainly not in the
hands of people who care about our feelings and that's scary but they are
very rule-oriented so that undercuts it you can't touch anybody no one can touch
you go to our website if you feel touched get in the get in the thing get in
the thing and then everyone's like wearing clown masks and like trying to
do these bits that are based on like a different world where probably it
didn't have to be said constantly that no one could touch you it's like and
probably there was like I feel like over the years as epidemics of violence in
our country like increased and the committees that run this thing changed
around I feel like I imagine that an explanation of what I experienced that
night that the lights gradually got brighter and that the actors gradually
got more and more scolded for certain terms of phrase and it just results and
just these people just like that are that are just as dumb as someone who might
be able to scare you real good like nothing scarier than a dumb fuck with
your money and suspenders like fucking hanging out like in Charlie have you
ever been to a carnival ever in the last 38 years that's terrifying the last thing
you see is like hold tight keep your shoes and he pulls his lever and you're
like hearing these bolts that you know he doesn't understand just creak and
strain and you're just remembering all of these articles and you're like
trying to figure out if they're apocryphal what are the rates where am I on
this chart why why why is there a rope across my belly I've been on the
Batman right I know what you're capable of I know you're capable of making me
safe
do why why is everything so wooden that when it rains I've had decks do you
check it every day everything's what do why is everything would like so my point
being you could be scary just for nothing just by being a hick and hanging
out so when the thing embarks and but but they're all bound by this code so
they're just sort of like doing this show what were there when that when the
hay right kicks off and you leave the station and you're going out there are
you just passively writing through a little tableau well so okay so then you
go you all file in and stand shoulder to shoulder they keep yelling at you that
you're not that is that as close as you feel you are that you're not close
enough to each other but they can't touch you and you can't touch them but
you know welcome to fucking Jesus Christ I'm so sorry and like it's like like
like just imagine if you got on that thing with the wrong combination of
people I was like thank God for the wonderful people that were on there with
me Mike Nesmith Mike Nesmith Terry Garh Rick Schroeder Norm McDonald little
Wayne Stevie Nicks two Baldwin's but one of them was the sexist non Baldwin you
know that guy's not a real Baldwin I just found that out fake Baldwin I would
lost my faith in the Baldwin name he's not a Baldwin he's some kind named
Baldwin he's not a Baldwin it should be against the law when you have a certain
amount of rename real estate in Hollywood all right see you leave the
station and you're going down the front what's the first act of the haunted
hay right what's the first thing you see as you leave chain link what happened
with the handicapped situation they just they just had to take the next cart and
I'm sure they were tended to very sensitively and I'm sure if you go to
their blog you'll find that they love Halloween now so it's Griffith Park it's
by the zoo in the golf course there it's nighttime and you leave just give me a
moment you're now that poor poor little handicapped he called her a little he
referred to a human being I think what he meant to say is a little handicap
situation if he had just said situation I would chuckle but then because of his
concern about it and stuff it'd be like oh that's colloquial and we are 2pc like
he's expressing a need we have a little handicap situation that's a that could
be something a hero says but he just left the word out so as they say he
he reduced someone's humanity was that like like just like they just they they you if you know I had to be talked into go in there that night
Jesus Christ what about me in a wheelchair what do you think I'd never go so that means
somebody fucking could jolt that person they're like please handicap Harmon please
you're so you're such a curmudgeon you're such a loner you say you're it's
unhealthy please come out just once I swear to God I promise promise promise
promise you're gonna have a good time now somebody we got a little handicap here
I want to kill myself and it's depending on my situation I may not be able to I'm
gonna put it into my book I'm gonna write it with my foot and I'm gonna fucking
die a spiritual death and I'm gonna be hanging out as a flesh husk haunting you
there's gonna feel like you think these ghosts scare me you people are the
monsters because you think I'm a ghost so the you get so you get on the thing
and then and then there comes this point and this is this is on me this is my
fault the rest of the evening is my fault because then they go it's I'm so
nervous now I'm like I have to they keep saying that I'm not close enough to
people I feel like I feel like they're right if somebody tells me that I'm
doing something wrong I'm gonna first assume they're right and then it's I'm
like so close to people and then they're like now sit and it was like
everyone was like thump into this like land of lakes like fucking lotus
position and I was like I gotta play this smart cuz I'm 42 and I kind of like
I try just I tried I overthought it and I was like well I'm certainly not gonna
but then again what if my foot and then I say well sometimes on the couch I put
oh well you know after a long day but then what though my shoes would be off
normally and I and I was like well that's gonna I'll be asked if I but if I
have to move and I just ended up in a fucking weird like like like like break
dancing pose like just everyone kept asking me are you okay for real every
time I moved a muscle like one of three like like like women my age like not
it wasn't like a high school experience it was like women my age like like go
like they out of courtesy and respect for my humanity they would feel spasms
happening I would look over at me and go like you okay and I'm like yeah I just
and I was like hey slippery and I think I just try to but you're the one of the
rules is you can't get up if you get up you will be ejected from the ride you
know you should have said you should have said at some point you should have
raised your hands that excuse me I have a little handicap situation I am a little
handicapped and I would like to be ejected further from the ride for the
duration necessary to properly fold my legs underneath can you can you not sit
cross-legged or is it you just panicked I try I don't try right now try it try to
sit TV dynamite out of curiosity I'm asking do you know whether or not you
can sit cross-legged all right and then promise me we'll bring Andy up oh yeah
it's just stop stop that it's it's Jeff's fault Andy hasn't been brought
up okay here we go our next guest has performed at clubs and colleges all
around the world he's a Harmontown favorite he's a Dan Harmon favorite he's
a he's a Jeff Davis favorite but it's not a competition but I spell my
favorite with the oh you are all right well let's bring him out Andy Kindler's
here what an entrance all right that's right I'm a Jeff Davis
aficionado I came up with that back there all right
always thinking what I like because Andy when I think when I think of you Andy I
think of a showman yes you entered from you enter from the back of the room
left stage left then re-entered stage left PT PT Junim that's a PT Barnum
reference if you're Jewish oh oh great oh great I am a showman I put it on the
show that's what I do I do good I because I'm out I'm tapped I fucking like
did you know you were on came no you aren't fired well yeah this is what I
consider fire you were boom into first of all you you have you went on the hay
ride no most people would not do that for now I know that if you had told me
that if you had been at the dinner that I was at Latino if you just popped out
from from the kitchen and said most people don't do what you're about to
do yeah I said do you know because he's going on it twice it sounds like a heat
like a he-ha convention I don't know he-ha sounded good convention was wrong
and you've not done it correct oh have I done it I grew up on a farm with hate
no I didn't I've never been how did how did they start with the hay rides why
are they riding hay around keep the hay by the barn it's kind of like
Seinfeld every check every time you put it in the cart you're gonna get haunted
right what where are you taking it is there another farm let them grow their
own hay the word hey the word haunted is in your ride who wants to go in a
haunted ride I don't know what a barn is capable of but I know it has its own
hey what oh now who am I I turned into yogurt from Spaceballs from Spaceballs
yeah I'll tell you I never I've never you know I saw that movie coming I was
like no way I'm going to go I didn't I begged all of my friends to go see it I
was at prime you were the D no to that haunted hey right yeah so so the weirdest
thing but about the haunted hey ride stop me if you want to talk about
anything else but here is the here is that here is the weirdest thing like I
had so many questions like they because they never there's no I mean and I'm
not being a snob because they would just take you through scary stuff it was
just sort of like you'd sometimes you'd stop and they'd be like they'd put on a
little show I was like well who's gonna complain about this this is not a
problem but then it was like for the most part it's just people wandering up
and they just keep you know and you just keep remembering they're not allowed to
touch you you should not touch them so it's sort of like it really like takes
the fear out of like the 90th guy coming up just putting his head next
years and going and I'm like but now I'm my anxiety I'm like ah but it's fake
I'm faking it because it's like when you tip at a strip strip bar you know I'm
like I don't know last one was a redhead but that's on me like I don't know I
don't want to take it out on you like I don't know what my job is anymore what
is currency a strip bar strip bar hey Ryan my wrongs am I wrong so so it's so
the way so it's all magical like there are goblins and there were people but
the lighting was bad but in the wrong ways so like what was that word it was
just well it was like they weren't lit so I couldn't like see their faces but
everything was lit for everyone's safety like everything was lit so that the
driver could see the road and so that no one could sue them forever not seeing
something but it wasn't lit there were no key lights you know and there were
there was no blocking so all you were ever seeing was just like shiny mess like
when you took the old Universal Studios tour ride you would go into a thing and
it would stop and you would stop you in front of a place and they would tell you
about the history of the thing and then the flood would happen like that's the
worst that is the worst tour and I've been on it four times and the last time
I went on it it was I was doing a gig up at a private party and the only way to
get to it was I had to go through the tour for the fourth time and it's horrible
the poor is horrible the Jaws shark the Fire Marshal allows that that there's
only one point of no they that was so you're you're waiting into the party if
you have to leave everyone gets to just go around the ride I don't I don't know
I didn't realize you I felt I didn't see any way around the worst part the worst
part is the Moses part where they part the sea but they don't part the sea the
sea just sinks into a thing oh I don't even want to get it I only want to get
into the how it ruins the illusion of all these movies now I know there wasn't
a real shark I was a kid when they when they when they implemented the
King Kong attraction at the Universal Studios to a ride Jeff is 720 years old
implemented I like implemented have you implemented the new ride yet also he's
a cone head he eats toilet paper would like to be implemented into the new ride
we are from we are from France you're gonna get your balls busted tonight oh
you're going down baby you're gonna get kindled 2015 2015 hashtag
batten pending but where the King Kong ride came out they boasted and it was
true when you went in the King Kong is shaking the cables of the Brooklyn
bridge that you are ostensibly on as advertised and your car is
trampled clunkiest but most accurate slogan for a ride over and but what
King Kong was bright close to you when you got right up in front of it banana
scented breath oh no you did my god no detail was left on I wound it's like
it's out of nothing but I bet they had to point it out right there's probably a
sign that the cool part Andy and you tell your friends I will back you up
if you are old-school enough and I know that you are because you have O.G.
written all across here I have O.C. O.C. you have O.C.D. your O.C.G. O.C.G. come on
initial humor is easy come someone come up with something old you're not your
assessor compulsive gangster so I'm shot so many mother fuckers at 73 to be
exact unless you count Stacy because he was already dying when my friend shot
him but I go by actual time of death I was the motherfucker I was supposed to
make sure he was dead now I'm concerned he was not really dead you don't own me
motherfucker you're not a box of matchsticks spilled out under an open
white-shag carpet now I keep checking for my keys
yo a comedy staple ladies and gentlemen yeah white people rapping yeah yo O.C.G.
yeah yeah I can't yo my bullets in the clip I put the left one first as I'm
facing it I got my bullets arranged from left to right because I'm gonna shoot
you with the sharpest bullet tonight but I gotta make sure that the sharpest
ones I touch it three times otherwise my mother might die I getting a pain in
my heart is it a panic attack or have I been shot I can't be sure I'm so fucking
angry right now at the world but my therapist tells me to start trying to
stop worrying about it you try stopping worrying about something yeah what do you
think happens motherfucker you worry more I forgot to put the cap back on the
bottle I forgot to put a cap in your ass I bust the cap back onto the bottle
damn it it doesn't go flat afterwards see what I ruined if I had if I had
fucking loosened my goddamn grip on my show this is all I think rap is somehow
any any you're halfway home if you do that now the rest is just writing in
genius that's right the rest is just talent it seems to help to grow up as
part of a disenfranchised population but people are speculating that that's a
total coincidence I was a reformed Jew around a lot of conservative Jews you
think that was easy no think I didn't suffer in Queens I wanted to be upper
middle class but I was just regular middle-class
why can't we have a better car than it yo yeah I had a support system but at
what price price price price price so one thing one atonal thing about the
haunted a ride was after after a whole unexplained and and and it wasn't
necessary to explain any of this I didn't I required nothing you guys think
oh Dan humble brag like or whatever you're like oh you went on a haunted hey
right and it had third act problems you're trying to flaunt like oh you're
a craftsman you're trying to brand yourself like well when I see a dog
shit in a carpet I just see poop on a carpet but you see who network by
Patty Chayevsky because you're so interesting that's not that's not the
that's not what I'm trying to create I'm saying like I was exactly what they
were thinking I only I only wanted to just as one of you just wanted to be in
a hay cart and be haunted that's all that was all I was looking for I had no
other requirements however the way they haunted me for as long as they did and
continues to haunt you well the thing that continues to haunt me was the
total disruption in tonality that was like because right in the middle of the
whole thing yeah so the whole thing is just like bat people goblin people bucket
people tree people do chain people Viking people it's just random it's just
like I think what they must do is they like must sublet each ten feet of the
park to like some bad improv troop I think I got I felt like just or just like
a committee they just go like okay Gary and his guys they they said they'd come
back but they really want to do the Vikings again oh how many times do I have
to tell them Vikings haven't been scary since 1203 even the Minnesota Vikings
am I right go Packers just late gay right who's that deflate game not not
soon or late enough so in the middle of it after all anyone's done is gone so
then you pull also you start hearing like 60s Motown music and you're like
where's this going how how racist is this gonna get because I just went
through the witch doctor's segment by the way right and I and I and I and I'm
a I'm a white liberal and I won't write a letter but I'm holding on to it but it
but but but but but but they seemed fine with it and by they you know who I
mean the goblins the goblins and I subscribe to the social philosophy that
if it's fine with them it is fine with me but believe me it's still down there
I'm thinking about it what was the Motown song I don't remember it was like
don't mess with I want to kiss your lips cuz my sugar baby loves to kiss your
lips I don't think I don't think either one of those is Motown who's with me
who's with me on this I the Archies is not Motown and then and then what comes
into view is like a cross-section of cornfield and then like this like this
like vintage 60s car I'm like okay I guess this is here it doesn't fit with
anything and then like two kids came out dressed in like like back to the future
to like kind of like 50s attire like they're like sweaters and the pony tails
and I didn't get turned on but it was like I didn't and I didn't say that I
didn't because I did I like who reacts to getting turned on that way it's not
part of the story that move that movie made me so horny am I right back to the
future so the two kids and then they go and then they're like performing but
by the way everyone that's performing like half of the audience is going like
this and every time I do that my neck is behind my leg and people are going are
you okay so I'm trying to strain so it's two actors that go these are the first
people that have spoken any language except for like rattling cans and going
are and we're shooting chains into nothing for the whole time so now all
of a sudden it's halfway through the thing and there's just like two actors
come out and they go like stop it you know what are you doing yeah what are
you doing hey whoa it's my heart baby oh come on hey whoa what's that and they
look and so we all look and there's like some like kind of awkwardly lit thing
that like I kept going like well if that's gonna be a guy that kills you I
want to watch that because when I'm really that's not gonna move is it it's
gonna stay there so like that's gonna be interesting so I was looking at that
but then what happened is they got in the car because they were scared of that
which turns out they that there was gunshots from the car so this is like
not that kind of like show so far it was like I think there's just the most
expensive things that they had to keep it even though there's been you know so
much because I talked to other people are like that right so scary it's like
had this whole theme of serial killers last time because this was clearly just
a fucking just cold-blooded recreation of the fucking zodiac killings like it
was just they got into the car and then there was like strobe lights and gun
shots from inside the car so we've been like being like like like delightfully
harangued by goblins that cannot touch you and then there's this play and it
culminates in just like bang bang bang bang and then again and then the weirder
part is how dumb it is because the guy a guy gets out in a ski mask holding an
axe even though he's I guess I guess he doesn't he's not confident in his
marksmanship or he's like or he or he just ran out of bullets but he's like
he's like now holding an axe so he climbs out and he goes maybe he maybe he
killed a gun with his axe well then the other actors come on go we're fine there
was an axe in the backseat this gentleman was skiing he he he he hates his
second amendment so but he comes out and he walks along the hay cart but the
weird thing is everyone else has been a goblin a troll you can't take your
director's hat off I'm a writer the lighting is wrong it's just structural
it's just because he said he goes like oh hey it's supposed to be funny and
bone-chilling now this was Thursday night all these people are phoning it in
but he was like like my nobody's bones were close to chilled like like they
were everyone's how much were room temperatures how many spines were
tingled no none none no tingling like I like like there was a couple aches and
bakes ooh you'll have aches and bakes you have to you have to come baked you
can save a lot of money just staying home watching like a Jonestown
documentary something like that so then he just keeps going I swear to God I'm
done talking about the fucking hayride but he goes like he follows the hayride
for a while and I cannot stress to you enough no one has spoken to us the
entire time and it's not the end and it's not the beginning this is just the
middle and it will never be addressed again structurally it's just like it's
just this fucking insane temporal shift we're like we were at a witch's house
we were in gumdrop land we were in fucking Pink Floyd's the wall now we're
just in the fucking 60s and an actual historical murder
some people aren't could possibly be relatives of some victims that's not my
point I'm just saying it's totally different it's totally different if the
whole hayride was like oh I know that house that's John Wayne Gacy's house
look in the crawl space there's a strobe light a kid's trying to get out whoa
that's fucked up that really happened yo let's go eat pizza like but it was
nothing like that it was like paper mache lollipop people going like
habada habada habada and then all of a sudden he's like hey Dwayne I don't know
if we should be out when should we tell my parents I'm pregnant hey don't worry
about your baby I'll take great care of it we'll love it forever oh my god he's
gonna go please don't I want to die I want to fucking die oh my god this happened
45 times this year and the guy comes out it does this like bad fucking improv
performance with a ski mask and a hatchet going like oh hey hey you guys and
he's decided all serial killers are from New Jersey oh hey hey you didn't happen
to see anything back there did you and everyone no one says anything because
you can't that's called social engineering Dan oh you didn't you don't
have to see anything did you and I think because it says it in his script like
even though everyone's just going like this he keeps like singling out people
go yeah what about you man did you look like you saw something and she's like
no I didn't like she's what what do you what do you think happens or something
I saw it was fucking you put put the ax down I mean obviously that character knew
we saw something he just shot you people and he was speaking very honestly what
do you think happens if you say you did it we just watch you well here's some
things on the list of that won't happen because that's easier he won't touch you
and you won't stand up you won't touch the wire above your head the tractor
will keep going and I mean what do you think the whole that's so confusing it's
like why didn't they personalize it for that one moment because I was like
listen as unattractive as this idea is like the truth is if we were truly in a
realm where we've seen all the shit that we've seen tonight this guy is the
closest ally we have he has a gun like we're obviously traveling through
dimensions we don't know his story maybe we're gonna fight maybe we judge him and
we find out oh those two people killed his parents or something in the 60s
but I don't we don't know maybe he was framed the whole thing happened to the
dark with strobe like I was like it wasn't scary as my point right it wasn't
scary I'm 42 I want to go on a children's ride and dare me more I also have
complaints about spider-man 9 I'm 49 years old I deserve better in my
spider-man movie all right I just heard myself it took me 50
minutes but I'm ready to go up I think a valuable lesson don't applaud me saying
I'm a good hayride and that's one to grow on a beginning a middle on an end
that's the problem with that was all over the map now I went to not not scary
firm which we talked about no don't bring it up I grew up in Southern
California there's not very firm and in Halloween there is not scary for I love
puns in any format but even when they completely undercut the yes desired
message not scary but actually that that's I actually only when Dino and Dan
pointed out I never thought of it being not scary for him I never thought that's
literally what like phonetically that's what it is I grew I grew up at not
very far the out of the word scary I didn't and you just they had the word
scary for Halloween right yeah it's not all year round but not scary farm in
June I don't know what I say I retract that I retract that what if they what
if they found that out there like gentlemen the not scary brand is
actually catching like wildfire in a way that not berries never did people like
not scary things right they don't like they don't like jelly we found out what
my pitch was that they should call it for Halloween not N.O.T. not scary farm
comma not but spelled K.N.O.T.T. a positive yes there's layers there that you
guys will have to Google there's a movie not scary not scary not not so when I
went to not scary farm there would be there would be fistfights all the time
because they were absolutely allowed to touch you the people that played the
the ghouls and the boogins there they would just jump out of a they would
they would just who they were who were they who there was there was boogins and
googas oh they were really it was authentic then he's just getting shit for
special special Guga boogins is a real love mythical character I think people
say boogins boogins yeah I call them the boogins look boogins it's like Dan
it with bagel I he only read it so when we went there they would jump out and
grab you from behind and scare the ever-loving shit out of you which isn't
really being like scared as it's being startled exactly Millennials so I was
going through a haunted house with Diana Madawassian is I think we're
sophomores in high school we'll start in high school we go to Nassbury farm not
scary farm and I'm we're going through and I had a big crush on Diana Madawassian
who is still she knows yeah and I was she knows what she's doing I was I was a
late bloomer but I was so afraid of girls I was so afraid so I had it by the
hand we're going through it like when this little tunnel driven haunted houses
things where people just jump out at you and stuff and you know I'm gonna walk
through that little corridor there and it's gonna be a bunch of boogins jumping
out at me so I have her by the hand I'm leading her down the hallway and I'm
pulling her she's too afraid there's boogins jumping out at her I'm like
Diana come on just run just come like this look we'll just we'll just go past
this thing and my hand goes slack and I look and I go hey and I say hey and she
head butts me that tooth if you get a close-up that tooth right there sticks
out oh it's got a little piece of hair and tissue on it and that's why you say
boogin you say boogins that's why you say that matter who's seeing matter
who's seeing this isn't I'm haunted by the ghost of an Armenian head I would
like to do it hurt at all by the way she moved my tooth up into my brain but
hey that's our racist stereotype our Armenian skulls are just as soft as not
in my experience Dan not in my experience well you've met a weird woman not
an Armenian spokesmodel I apologies to my friends Rick Rick Rick Tussunian
that's the first time you care about an actually good name Rick Tussunian all
right Andy what were you gonna say come on we oh no I was just saying if we did
a serve if we did like a survey I would say the very few Jews would go to these
haunted house things is already if I wanted I just would take mushrooms on
Halloween or something if I want to have a terrible what would it be like if it
terrible horrible Andy and he say a couple Jews went to not scary for how
would that go well they would be like oh you think this is a thing this is good
for our eyes or I gave my mother one of those 3D books and like she looked at
like you think this is good for your eyes yeah yeah mom that's why that's why
everyone's required to have one at birth by the American Medical Association
it's good for your eyes no we would never there's no chance is anybody else's
fine tingling my spine's been oh oh I remember going through a haunted house
with my brother my older brother who name of bones like like like like like I'll
talk like like I went through a haunted house with him and then it was like I
was scared and there was like I remember this chain link area what it's not chain
link but it was like kind of like mall you know at the mall where they lower the
thing so it's like room to reach through and that was their whole point was that
there was like a whole chamber of zombies strobe lit and they were reaching
through the thing and they were grabbing you this was the 80s this is the 80s if
you weren't getting grabbed you know you weren't having you weren't grabbing back
yeah then David Hasselhoff wasn't there so I got I got scared I was like a 10
year old kid I feel like I was all my memories are from 10 but I was I was I
was like I was like oh oh I got up scared but it was like scared like I don't
know they're grabbing me and was scary and then I just remember like like like
running away like down this hall is all these hands reaching through and the
strobe light and then like looking back because I forgot my brother my big
brother is five years older than me and I look back and just see this strobe lip
in image of my my big brother going motherfucker don't you fucking touch my
little brother and he's like and he's like kicking the fucking like and all
the zombies are now strobe lit but totally fucking they're all like just
uncomfortable like Albert Brooks characters just going like like okay this
happens three times a week we got another one and he's just like motherfucker
don't fuck it don't fuck and I was like like the fucking swirl of emotions I
had because he's like oh that's nice he's not he's not beating me up he's like
big he wants to he wants to beat other people beating up is just his way of
saying things right when he's beating me up he's saying you now he's now he's
noticing them so perfect for me yeah I think that every time he's fighting
somebody he's fighting the boogins within himself I want to I want to tell
not because I owe it to my brother because he wasn't he won't talk to me
anymore because I talked to him talked about him on the podcast but in the
interest of karma I do want to tell it just the other the other version of that
story which is that it never happened I was a drug dealer and I don't have a
brother no the I was I was like I was in a movie theater I think we're gonna see
I don't know what movie we're gonna see but it was me my brother and a mutual
friend of ours and I was like I just like you know I'll probably blow your
mind but when I was 14 I was like I had trouble like watching my mouth and like
not getting into a bunch of fucking trouble socially I know I don't want
you guys to unfollow me now that you know that about me but I had no fucking
like filter and I was just like I don't know when I was especially when I'm on a
high I was just like like fraternity and like like I like I just I started we were
in a nearly empty theater and then I was just like talking like really loud to my
two friends one of them was my brother going like like man do you guys ever go
to a theater and like there's so many sitting there alone like who does that I
could never see myself doing that I don't know what do like like that's what's
crazy like I was really just expressing it was just sort of like I was I would have
talked about anything I was just feeling like camaraderie and I was just like like
isn't that weird everything's weird when you're 14 I'm like oh I'm an expert at
going to movies well what's that with that guys always goes there alone you see
guy alone like who does that who does that I'm just like fucking and then my
my my brother's friend goes like and I go me rip and there's the only other guy
in the like well it's like half a dozen people one guy is alone he's like a
Milwaukee archetype he's got a mullet and and he looks like he's been lifting
weights to compensate for a lot of shit that he's like like like he's looks like
scary like and and and and I because when I turn and look at him I got he's
like staring at me and I go sorry yeah not you sorry that's exactly what I do
and and only then at that point does the guy go what'd you say motherfucker oh the
fuck did you say to me and he gets up this is every human being's worst
nightmare in a movie theater and it's happening to me though it's one of my
first movie theater experiences which is why I will not save your seat let's just
go to a different movie or watch it without popcorn and it's making me very
nervous or go to that go to that place in Pasadena where you buy the seat reserve
him but he goes like what you say motherfucker oh fuck it and he starts
walking down the aisle and he's coming to me and my brother what my crazy
self-destructive like like like like you know source of a million woes brother
not listening any longer to the podcast no no he's not no not not tuned into my
life I have a niece who plays I think the first chair violinist in the LA Fair
helpful harmonic I have no idea I like she's 38 and I have never met her but
the the you know you don't like classical music that much I aged I aged a woman
I've been doing this podcast for anyways so he as he gets done I'm like
well I guess this is just one of those scenes you see like I think like where
like you'd see a guy go I don't know what to do another but and my brother just
goes sit the fuck down whoa and the guy's like what and a brother is that
you heard me you fucking fake ass muscle man take your fake ass back to the seat
and sit it down and watch the fucking movie or get the fuck out of here before
I crush you whoa that's my hero that's what I always think of fucking guy just
went like yeah we'll see and what like walk and what's the movie and I have no
idea what the movie was or what it was about it could have been dead poet
society it was Billy Jack I was like holy shit if it was Billy Jack that would
be great would it be great what was the film Danny any idea no idea because all
the film was my brother stuck up for me and saved my life and I for once I was
like the bad guy and the idiot and he was the genius he was fucking like he knew
all the moves and like protected me and like did everything right and no blood
was shed like because he knew what to do and didn't even give it a second
thought for all of your brother's misdeeds that one story is enough to
secure his legacy in your heart right that's a good good moments you're
you're you're you're prodding me to tell you nine funny my brother story I have
heard all your I'd like to hear no my brother was never yeah Andy do you have
siblings brother sister I have my brother is I'm the youngest and I'm
adorable and and my have an older sister and an older brother and my brother is
was too big to hurt me and like he could beat me up so he never did like how
many years is that two years two years very tiny man very tiny man that lands
as a joke that nobody laughed at and it's true what's that because you're like
oh my big brother is he's just so much bigger than yeah that it would he didn't
he didn't hurt me because it would have been how many years between two years
yeah that's funny to me because my brother was five years older than me it
was like that is the recipe yeah even if he was a month older than me it would
have been trouble was your brother like a big hulking figure no but at the time
well I was 411 until like high school and then I well don't it's not that much
of a tragedy oh my god how does he even live did somebody marry him he remained
that tiny what would he have done he would have maybe play he would he would
he got a job as a platform that people could walk over or something thank God
I sprung up to five five and a half thank God thank God what were the growing
pains like for them well it was a lot of hormones and no I know I was always I
was always I don't know I was they had sized places when I was a kid there was
like a what do you mean some kind of a prank show so yeah you had to line up in
sized places so I like from shortest to tallest for what the bathroom for some
kind of military light maneuver for what we do we ducked in calm old so we
ducked and covered all right I did this this is cold war stuff going on that's
right you don't remember you don't know about trouble we have to goddamn
Rusky I'm still blacklisted I can't get movie roles because I'm blacklisted
that's why you don't see me in movies because of my comedy is the affiliation
because I tell my mother oh you got my god you know it was a tweet I read all
your tricks bitch but you did you guys I did we did drill we did tornado drills
whether they would organize you in an rank of height size not right we weren't
ranked I didn't have to go through our training what are you what are you right
thumb at 411 no is anybody has never been arranged in a public school in
sized places before yeah I see some photos maybe for like a photo yeah you're
saying size places it's better than by race I guess let's line up by race unless
doing so is a gateway to finally proving race is an artificial construct
that's true like if there's some major event and they're like like well we
olympics remember when Hitler lost the olympics Jesse Owens yeah he's like he
didn't lose the Olympus Germany time to prove racism at the olympics and we're
like he didn't lose are you gonna tell me something Germany won Germany won all
the gold medals oh wet Jesse Owens gold medals track and field Jesse Owens
cleaned up you're too happy sure about how well Germany did 36 Hitler didn't
lose the olympics yes Jesse Owens won a couple of meets well Netanyahu was the
world here we go your friend your friend BB he's trying to say that Hitler
didn't even want to slaughter the Jews it was some muslims who convinced friends
put them up to it is that what he said it was what this is friends I said stop
smoking at the pool hall you're gonna exterminate six million people you keep
doing that those guys are no good nicks well yes the muslims did two and so did
half of Europe wanted to kill the Jews he hates the muslims BB not net don't
get me started on religion folks well we do we do want you started well we've
already covered it I'm right and everybody love everybody love everybody
but Netanyahu is he hates the he's such a he's such an evil man that he's wants
to change the history he wants to hit little look good that's his plan now
it wasn't as bad as what we've been making them out to be he didn't want to
he just wanted to give the Jews a talking to I love the fact that for real a
real thing on the table was relocate all the Jews to Madagascar I think you're
gonna say is that a Disney movie or did that really wait what was that on the
table that was the original pitch okay I never heard this no for real that they
wanted it they wanted there's an island off the eastern coast of Africa we'll
just send everybody there they're that's kind of untenable that's gonna be
pretty complicated can I do the Jewish reaction to that Madagascar
not bad not so tropical be worse have you been to have you been to Poland not
so good you're you're right you're right across the coast from Libertacia it's
great I'm not yeah I'm not going into the area only because I'm so ignorant of
it I'll end up like running roughshod with my dumb jokes oh I know the way I
know the world I know World War two that's one time period if you could cast
yourself as any character Andy in World War two allies access it could be a
Russian peasant it could be an officer you could be anybody go back in history
portrayers who would you like to portray back and well I first I can say
that I used to have a joke where I said that my career is going so poorly you
know I my career is going so badly I would have played the Jew in Nazi
propaganda films you know it's like someone has someone has to do it someone's
gonna do it they're gonna cast somebody and then the other the other thing I
had a joke I was like there's no small rule the other thing I looked scared
already there was that movie downfall which is a great movie downfall is one
of the best of all time it's Hitler in the bunker based on his secretary one
that the clips from that everyone uses as the means yes yes yes and based on
the documentary with his secretary yes Hitler had a secretary yeah so I just
may watch all worlds at war that she's awesome the secretary so my thing was
that I would have liked to have punched up that script downfall because I would
have one scene where I walk in I go I just got back from Hitler's bunker has
he been acting strange but I probably would have played I probably would have
played who would I have played maybe Mussolini that would be the best B
story to a world war two movie ever that's like stars Hitler or like stars
patent or something but it's like the cut to Hitler and he's like well I'm so
mad but then it's like what's Mussolini doing and it's you don't say I don't like
it yeah you know what why don't you just hang me in the public square
from my memory of a high school World War two the history it's like sort of
like like Italy was sort of Italy was it only ended up on their hat and a ring
they ended up on the ally side towards the end of the war I found out he was a
windsock he went whatever yeah it was just sort of like and you see the
footage of him not that Hitler looks any less ridiculous but like like like like
like the guy who was thinking there's other always that footage where he got
he talks like this it's like the iron chic looked more natural like it's so
weird like like like because people were like they're actually they didn't have
cameras on them ever so they were like yeah I'm gonna do this because I saw a
guy do this in a movie awesome footage when when Mussolini bones out of Italy
because he's just completely like left like surrenders and he goes to Nazi
Germany and he gets off a plane and Hitler sees Mussolini who's lost so
much weight because you think it was this big hail robust you know like your
burner with a workout plan kind of thing and and Hitler sees him it's like you
can see like wow you've you don't look so good Mussolini and I'm Hitler Hitler
saying that to him look at me look like the Pringles Spencer how would you do
logo Spencer you're you're a you're a mythologist and a fantasy role player
what a Holocaust denier what is your what is your opinion about what's your
take on the how would you cast yourself if you had to portray a role back in
then or if you know how do you see yourself definitely definitely just
just one of those SS guys they just they just get the most they get the most fun
you know they're not really do they don't have their name in history you know
but they they did all sorts of terrible great things I didn't expect you to go
that direction was the question what kind of Nazi would you be
because if that is the case then everything's fine he would have been
he would I'd be a handsome blonde Nazi that's what I would be oh devilish oh in
the fun get the Jews off my line oh in the fun just a guy who does you know a
man's man kind of right not your father's SS it's it's 1940 you are
somewhere in continental Europe what does that mean continental Europe
like Italy or something the continent but you're not it means it means not Wales
yes I'll go there if I need a spice girl you wake up one short you wake up
you you're okay I'm gonna be Spencer about this let's just sing it all right
Dan wait wait what's okay Dan Harmon yes the year is 1940 shadow run oh no
Spencer no no he got panicked Spencer create create a situation where Dan
wakes up and he has to find his character origin World War two you wake up and
you have to appoint your character origin World War two come on Spencer set the
scene he's in a cave is in a dungeon he's in the Normandy not really a
history guy all right do it emotionally where is he emotionally 1940 you're
hungry no all right Dan I'll set it for you Dan remember when Jeff started
improvising the thing and briefly made it your problem you're just like nope no
he's like okay bluff called no no no he fucking jumped in he started doing
shadow run I go I feel like I hit the criterion he laid out I gave him a
chance to do it I thought he wanted to fucking get in Spencer picks me up for
work every day and every time I open the car and get in he goes what's up and I
go like and then we and then we drive and then there was that one day remember
like we hit a pothole or something or I and I like coughed and I went and you
went what's up and we both like wait why did that happen and we realized that
like it's like oh it's like I physically skipped it's a yeah because the bump in
the road made me make the sound I make when I'm getting into a car so he went
what's up and it was it was uplifting and down trotting which is all you can
ask from God all right where were you take it oh I love the money but I hate
it I don't know what to do now what were you gonna say I don't know I was gonna
surprise left Wafa you would be in the Luftwaffe I would yes I also by the way
I said you could be access or allies but you don't have to be German in this you
could be anybody you want I'd be Ramo I would play Ramo you'd be wrong oh yeah
you'd be a great desert go down that go down the desert further and go down to
Cape Town what do you think is a secret to
tactical maneuvers with tanks well you have to let you ask yeah oh was it you
oh yeah you have to triangulate you do I do a rear guard entry that sounds bad I
don't know anything about I'm gonna make right now that I can't even improv you
be a good Ramo oh yeah just emotionally I'd be good yeah fire up the tanks you
know you have you have sunk fly warm up the tank warm up the tank yeah you know
what I think a good war strategy would be but but I can only test this and by
losing millions of lives you want what do you want the music for this or no no
there's no music necessary I'm because I'm workshopping this I mean we don't go
on until Tuesday the the the I I'm just thinking like improvisation just bit
balling just thinking like through all okay like I'm thinking like so you like you
put yourself in charge of everybody like you go like I'm in charge of all the
armies right like in my country yeah like and then you go like you go I always
know what I'm doing and it was like I'm doing and then you secretly tell one guy
like right underneath you go like don't ever tell me anything like like like
like but like just let me go let me do my thing and then and then you just
run the whole war so George W. Bush and Cheney yeah he won right he fucking
like yeah yeah yeah yeah I think it's like if you were a strategist what you
would do is you would go like oh don't tell me anything and then let me fucking
like stand on balconies and because if I slip up it'll be the fucking greatest
strategy since D-Day like it'll be like like cuz I'll just be like I know what
I'm doing and like like like and then there's just a guy just running a war
underneath you I don't know if that would work sounds like you someone would
see through it at some point why is there a guy underneath the podium he
doesn't have to be that's you're thinking of police academy that's the answer
is because I'm a horny was that you that sucked my dick you guys have to watch
police academy through this like post boat trip post post Caitlyn Jenner
post fucking like 2015 world like just watch a movie called police academy
where it's just like the one of the runners of the big like yeah and it's
just like the joke is that the the head of all the police
comment down thinks that Steve Gutenberg filleted him right and so he and he's
and he's just like like he's just he's apparently not gay but thinks Steve
Gutenberg is and it's not the joke isn't that the common down is like in the
closet the joke isn't the common down is like yeah I'm so straight that I I don't
want that blowjob to get to me but it felt so good right like it's just a
weird we were we were so in the closet back then that we were healthier a
little bit a lot of ways because we put people in the center square and we like
celebrated like you mean actuality you know we celebrated gayness like in a way
that we couldn't after we actually acknowledged that it was offensive to
dehumanize people like I it's I think that goes with everything really it's
like you're sort of like there's that day when you graduate to being taken
seriously and everything stops being celebratory but you're right though in
a way because the fact that you can't really have someone like Paul Lynn
there's a character in a way because you know you'd be stereotypical yeah but
the fact that yeah we didn't know like nobody knew what was going on back right
and so in half the people like yeah I mean I was one of them like like the
biggest bands were Queen and the village people right I don't care if you've ever
heard of them listen to those names their gimmick was not to anyone in the
in Wisconsin there there was it was not known that the gimmick had anything to
do right any form of lifestyle they're all look at the fireman look at the no
yeah look at they wear different outfits and they're singing about the YMCA I
don't know why and then now it's the Navy they're following it with I don't
know they're like any other group they sing about weird things those guys have
a lot of energy and Queen Freddie Mercury was like a fucking belt in that
house like like every America was like yay these people are great every
throughout history I've ever seen that documentary the cellulite closet you
very seen that I am interested to see that because I'm 30 years later but but
like the idea that like like like yeah obviously like there's a not to be
stereotypical but there's a lot of talent like like sequestered in the in the
in the gate like like you are like a prosecuting attorney it's about the
power is now it's 2015 so it's not progressive to say it anymore like five
years ago I was like I love gay people they're so talented now it's like you
weird homophobic weird yeah yeah they're not anything that was my closer was
let's hear it for the gate but but all of that mid 80s late 80s like all this
giant pool of talent like like so many of them died and so like you didn't just
lose artists and like you know singers and like like like visual artists like
you lost you know architects and great minds writers politicians like like a
huge swath of an incredibly intelligent hip happening like section of our
population gone and I don't know that we totally recovered from that like I
think that's a huge like one of the reasons that way we kind of went into a
little bit of a cultural downslide is you had the comedy boom of the late 80s
there was some quality left there were two great gigs back in the 80s you could
be extended comic or a guy that made brick walls behind comics oh my god the
brick laying boom winner they're gonna a piece of that brick that brick
concession boy oh boy or if you sold nacho materials back then you can make
money that's what the big if you if you sold giant mallets yeah you know I
used to I still call Gallagher in June and ask him what melons look good
should I go for the Crenshaw is that looking good is he a is he a good
metric or a bad one I mean he's well he's using them just a right yeah so
are those the ones that are good to eat that's now I'm really mad at him
it's no upside there's no upside to what he's doing he's ruining perfectly good
fruit I thought those were I thought that was food that was someone was gonna
throw away do you think he went down to the market and if you tell me if you
tell me next that his jokes could have fed people I will I will lose my mind
he spends you just spend eight or nine hours a day making sure that they were
all rotten and not good to eat I wish I hadn't said that too as well how can you
follow this guy with the all of our artistic people were dead okay Andy Andy what
is this a tragedy club all of a sudden I mean with a way it's it's 1985 you you
have to your stand-up career will not survive there's a guy with a hammer for
a head that's like killing on star search there's there's a lady that plays
two violins and she's she's funny too but she plays two violins like like what's
what would your gimmick be gun to your head like what if you was like eat what
you kill I would go I would go full stereotypical Jew that's not I thought
we're role-playing now it's not it's not he wasn't he wasn't gonna say I get up
and look at a stainless steel mirror and wonder what my when hover cars are gonna
it wasn't anything I got one scene for Rahm I figured out one scene for the
Rommel movie is me is Rommel what do you mean we're out of gas it's called a
tank Thanksgiving Andy kindler is Rommel Rommel wait hey I admire you so much
but then part of me is like what what are you doing you're thinking about that
during the show right yeah what's the matter with me it's so boring to you
you're just like a part of you know I got it it's just in the background you
have that much process he's like a squirrel he could be complete nuts that's
right that's right cheek what he's doing I would like to think that that the show
was like fully engaging Andy kindler's brain but it's not possible I think he's
he's like he's like a spider he has I'll embrace it I won't take it personal no I
think I have a lot of problems and I do have ADHD that kind of a thing no I'm
plugged in do you want to go back to my dumb you said cuz you said what would
you what would you cuz it's a joke it's a joke game but I mean there might be an
answer I would be like what would we do in that era crazies I would be the guy
who I can't even think of a really hacky thing what would be good for me song
parodies well you you did my well no but but but Andy what I'm asking is like
like based on what can we get a couple song based on what you're good at like
like like like based on your actual like oh shit I want to survive and I'm
being told that in order to survive I have to like stick out right amongst
like this cavalcade of care we're loud loud suits yeah yeah I mean what would
you hey folks come on what am I nuts what but what do I know I bought this
suit I could be Reagan Reagan guy Reagan guy Reagan guy Reagan guy yeah be
Reagan guy yeah hey I'm not gonna mention AIDS who we were like yeah Kevin
Meany do you know Kevin me I love Kevin me he's not like he seems he was so funny
and it's like like like I'm not past that's I mean it's just like he's still
around like he's still around it's so funny but like his gimmick was like he
just like landed it's so funny of people like you land on shit like Larry the
cable guy is like his name not even from the south yeah I named named Dan
Anderson or whatever there's YouTube videos of him doing jokes about Velcro
but and then like at one point in his stand-up act there's like a guy that
comes over with cable and he does his impression of this idiot that's coming
over with cable right the way and then everyone's like like oh what an idiot
that guy is that's so funny and then it's just like after time the Velcro jokes
go away and it's like it more and more like it just grows outward destiny but
like Kevin Meany's thing was the like like it's just it's just it's just
mother talking to oh yeah but it's like the joy of that yeah crazy person like
I'm not knocking it at all you're gonna knock your eye out with it you probably
already have your one-eyed jokes that was like oh learn something about comedy
folks not everything is there was life before Dane Cook all right
Gilbert Gottfried used to do a thing when I was when I was like when I was
like 15 years old humble brag the watching like I remember watching a
Gilbert Gottfried special and I was like oh that's that guy that talks like this
and he's in the candy bar commercials like I think he was on SNL one year and
I don't know anything about him and I watched his 45 minutes set and it was
like holy shit this guy's a goddamn genius because he would cut he would come
out and he does the comedy and do the act and it doesn't really matter the
performance style but I do it like this and I do it like that and then but then
he would pause and then there would be a pause and then he'd go
no why would you do something like that you know later would turn out I didn't
know he was doing his impression I think of Seinfeld yeah I used to do a he was
doing super ego it's Seinfeld it's perfect but I didn't even know it was
just funny that he was just doing like a dialogue he was doing his act and I do
the joke and I do the set up and then the punchline pause now that's not
something you want to do why do you have to screech at people that sounds like
Groucho a little bit well I'm not I'm not doing I'm not even going to attempt
like Gilbert Godfrey Seinfeld impression well he had that one joke where he
says uh he goes uh thank you the Martian ship landed in the and the head
Martian came up to me and he said Bank as ours a good actor how come he can't get
a series Bank as our was it was a good actor
Cassavetes oh these people don't know Bank as our now no you deserve the
earth to burn to a crisp underneath your feet yeah I'm glad you don't know how to
desalinate seawater here's a hint you boil it it's just too expensive you're
all gonna die it's a perfectly easy thing to do when there's eight of you
you're all gonna die you should have your own your own tabloid there's no
water the planet's 80% water there's more of it every day it's too expensive to
make it drinkable that's your hook that would be your catchphrase I'm too
expensive to make it drinkable if you put half the money you put it to NASCAR
get her done I'm in a joke today I was a random joke I don't know why where I
was in this area I have no idea because I'm a hack and I'm old and whatever but
as I was like I don't know I was thinking about Jeff Foxworthy and it was
like who doesn't I wrote a tweet and it just said like I'm probably gonna
butcher my own funny tweet but it was just like the joke was just it was
quote life life isn't given to people Amanda life as a test and I'm giving it
dash Fox leak dialogue from the trailer for Foxworthy by Aaron Sorkin because
he's famous for giving a redneck test that okay so wait that Aaron Sorkin
isn't famous no no Jeff Foxworthy is the inventor of walking and talking Foxworthy
and all caps so then I got so many tweets and there's a people like there's
like one guy in particular it was like like Fox what Foxworthy is that about
Jeff Foxworthy scratch that off my list and I know I'm 42 but I'm like like
what what do you mean what did he mean and he's like he kind of stooped a
little bit albeit respectfully like because he's he's not he's not being
condescending but he understands that I didn't get his joke and he goes like the
premise of the joke as I is that I mistook the title for being about Jeff
Foxworthy and so I was no longer a lot oh enthusiastic about seeing the movie
and so I said oh oh I get it now but you're still gonna go see the movie
right and he goes well now that yes to further bury the shame of my bad
attempted humor yes I will go see it and I said well hold on a second oh if they
make a you know if there's a movie called Foxworthy they're gonna have to
expect you to make the association with the guy that you thought of immediately
so it wasn't a lame joke you know world where that movie exists and he's like
okay yeah you're right I guess I just like the idea of seeing those red necks
walking out of the movie theater puzzled and I said yeah dumbasses yeah
said they talk about failing a test like the famous test that Jeff Foxworthy
what's he doing what happened to the test there at the end and what's the
famous test and he dance like he's not here dancing a very weird place right
but yeah okay I don't think people would consider it a test you're you're
saying you know you're a red red redneck when right yeah Dan sees that as Jeff
Foxworthy issuing a test on you oh now hold on a second all right if you can
follow answer the following questions and you just might be a redneck that's
exactly literally his bit that's why his set wasn't called pollock jokes or like
he literally only just did that you might be a redneck if yes he instead of
saying how can you tell when a redneck screws in a light bulb he said you might
be a redneck if boy okay all right bad guy will you ruin the originality of his
concept with that now I realize it's it seems like a similar like a familiar saw
well there's some poor kid out there now it's looking for that movie and and he's
gonna eventually find out that I was big you worry about him the rest of the day
that guy like what have I done and I heard his feelings that's what I do on
no because he was proud well I know no I would know I care nothing for I worry
about I worry about the virtual environment so I worry about I worry
about me doing my job of like like fitting it and making people happy yeah
well I think the amount of time I spent on Twitter is exact I mean yeah you came
we've took different flights out of New York I landed in Seattle and I had a
bunch of notifications saying like make them stop make what stop I laid on my
bed and like I tried to get I think how do I scroll back to the to the origin
story I had a Twitter meltdown is this true of course it's true that's a word
that has an empirical definition isn't it how could you ever argue with it if
someone says you're having a Twitter meltdown meltdown oh yeah yeah I'm
always thinking Andy by the time Dan finishes the story I want three more
rommel jokes okay okay god damn it you're taking you're making fun of the
fact that the show isn't enough for his brain no I'm saying his brain is
so commodiously yeah he can't it can't be filled with my petty stories about
defending my behavior you misread me I had the same problem of everybody else
in the world which is like huge what's going on how how do I look how do I look
while this is happening yeah am I bombing am I not bomb in general every
competition every minute every meal did I bomb my bombing am I going over well
so that's what yeah that's it with me which is all I've ever said no no no
I'm not I'm not wait now I'm worried and I'm doing the same thing because I'm
worried do you think that I have any problem with with we're doing an
improv an uncomfortable improv now no no no no let me say before we go further I
was concerned that's the beautiful jellyfish like like crazy ballet that
we do if we could all just be honest about the fact that we all are
constantly concerned that that is confident and wonderful as we think we
all are that there's a word for something that doesn't need any input at
all or any perception of itself through other people's eyes which is like a
fucking rock or a delay got an error like it's not worth living to be that
and it's like we're primates we're constantly fucking just like hacking it
up and like like trying to make sure that we're driving okay and it swirls the
irony that we also know that people don't like people that aren't confident
people that are there to think and all that stuff but but yeah and we all do
that it's like only if you're self-aware you do that right if you're like 90%
of the world then I have to carry you and then you go where are my footprints
and I'm like mother fucker
it's my joke the Foxworthy movie not yours I'm the Jesus of in that tweet yes
it's the worst when you make a joke and then someone tries to tag your joke
with your literal joke or that they came up with it happens a lot how can you
think up everyone kill yourself yeah like to make up an example let's say
he's got like you're tweeting you're watching a soccer game I'm gonna make
up an example because I don't want to try to riff like real things I was like
you're like I thought it was I thought it was weird of of Pele to Pele I would
go with Pele I tried to pick a topic that wouldn't be distracting yeah just
generic soccer cat Kathy current cast your memories back to the early 70s you
want to go with Ronaldo you go with Ronaldo over here I'm all I'm as
interested in you guys about the flake gate but I thought it was weird of so and
so to hand out such and such you know some comedy for this you tweet that
it's like a joke so then like this so then so then there's like eight replies
underneath that where people who simply read what you said yeah and apparently
assumed that what you are in their life is just like some piece of driftwood
that provides just fucking unentertaining information and they're
just like they get their blinking tie out and they're just like hey what's that
you say you say that well how about I connect it to that what are you hey
highway and it's like wait a minute what the fuck I just said my joke is dry
and subtle and if like it should be recognizable as a joke
blinking tie that's the one I would have gone with in the very time I like
like you got Pele blinking time I guess you'd have to think of a real example
what the yeah anything that's that that teeters towards satire or irony someone's
going to absolutely totally miss absolutely think like just read it
literally and then make their own joke there would be nothing absolutely
nothing in fact it would be shameful it would be market research for instance
to find out that if somebody was like what do you mean that doesn't seem like
a good thing for Pele to do at all like you know what my joke didn't land
thank you thank you sir like like you know what that's one percent of the
audience but it still counts for me like I'm gonna work hard I'm a kindler about
it I'm a kindler and the but but it's the thing that fucking I don't it just
scrambles my circuits is when somebody's like like Pele more like melee since you
don't and you're like wait no but it doesn't you can't know you're using my
my launch pad is not your point of departure it means fictional I made a
joke you live you live in a joke world you're satirizing a joke universe you
didn't even think about anything you're just connecting words insane and what
do you say you can't say I just don't know what to do and everyone goes like
you do anything why are you on Twitter you're such a loser why are you on
Twitter I love having a meltdown why are you wasting your time talking to me
that says a lot about you look at you you're gross you know what you're a
piece of shit did you like making that guy feel bad well guess what you're
fat oh so so it's bad to make a nice try but what you did was unacceptable but
you're fat and you're not funny and your shell got canceled and you know I'm
like I know what you're trying to do and it doesn't feel like anything that's my
point I can't feel I am how much clearer could I be that I ran into the streets
and smashed a Ferrari that was driving by and plucked the least likeable
background person that existed in that moment and bit its head off after saying
I'm going to bite this guy's head off do you know why because I'm getting a
divorce and I'm very unhappy with myself a good thing it happened to the one
fucking guy that deserved it hilarious don't follow me if you don't like it
don't fucking put all of the fucking lake like this weird like contingent of
people like huh I saw the paced magazine article I didn't what the fuck are you
talking about I am so sorry that the shit I go through in my kitchen at 3am
ends up in something called paced magazine I am not complaining about
that at all however I will tell you that has nothing to do with me your
relationship with paced magazine is not my fucking problem starting with the
fact that this is where you get your news and ending with the fact that you
follow people you hate and that you seek to destroy them by being so mean to
them and that you're so bad at it that I just want to kiss you because you can't
even hurt my feelings Chevy Chase oh that hurts so bad you're right I am so
famous I really am so untalented for how much money I have you're doing great
have you considered being Hannibal Lecter you really got that saying
exactly what's gonna undo them thing down nobody I went I went sat on my back
patio and I was watching my dogs take a shit after 48 hours of me going like I
did this and then people are like I saw that article in Huff Poe and you're a
bad person I'm like again I don't know what you're talking about I've died this
is my only place I had a back the fucking said I'm gonna pull this kid's
legs off then I did it I went back to it several times it's very funny I feel
nothing it's my whole point I said it I've never been more confident in
anything I've done in my entire life like what is the opposite of a meltdown a
build-up I built up what giant roach okay where is that as long as it's
something that never happens in L.A. and was worth derailing a god I made that
roach
you're contriting about it at least that's nice no I'm not okay I'm like I
am not at all because I like I said I went through it I'm like I know it's
just funny it was like an art piece like I don't know this person why aren't people
so rude to each other and I kept saying to people over and over again hey you
know it's weird it's almost like you shouldn't be mean to people you never
know when someone's gonna be really good at it it's crazy well that's why I'm not
mean to people I've never said a bad thing to fucking this guy terrifies me
like if you want to be on Andy kindler's bad side bad idea it's terrible so I
fucking I'm he's like it's like Ramo would say well Ramo would say hey look
Richardson yeah you know how we're gonna be protected on this mission we're in a
tank calm down I like I like that one of the Nazis
takers is Richard Richardson he should have responded for the English spy he
was like that Rommel has this really intimate relationship where he's like
look I'm fighting Patton over here we're playing a game of human chess on the
order of millions but this fucking Richardson guy I can't help it I'm
Rommel I play to the guy in the back I don't trust this I don't trust this new
Churchill who's on the crew okay guys we're gonna take the flank there's gonna
be a sacrifice of human life but you should think about it as laying a
carpet down for a thousand-year Reich Richardson so help me God don't you give
me that fucking look what would I do what would I do Richardson you know what
you do
Greenberg Greenberg you're nervous what's the problem Greenberg would you stop
sweating what white white or nervous all the time like a Jew like if I didn't know
better I think you were a Jew so help me Christ if we get through this and we
successfully cleanse the globe of every race other than white people I will
personally make sure that your children are paired in a way that makes them the
new minority and it won't be hard because all science points to the idea
that exegety is the key to genetic health general I'm sorry to interrupt you
you're one of the front right now I hate to interrupt you talking to the are
you doing something real or is this part of the bit I was just saying are you
doing Ramo is that wrong I know I'm saying I'm an adjutant I'm an aid to
camp I'm saying Ramo I know I know at the front yes I think about the front of
the book store front you're the general yeah I'm just saying there's a war
happening and we need you out the front oh you're kibbutz you know what that's
the last thing I need right now is you're aggravating war news that's wrong
that's wrong what you're the general of the African I can't I can't hear it right
now I'll be in my I'll be in my even more protected quarters of the tank I
can't I want to know what you thought it could have been at the front of the room
yeah what do you think it was like did you I think the Anti-Defamation League
or oh too much too much nothing yahoo talk well or finally Sam finally Adam
Sam looking down to confront me there's just a coalition and they're all
going like great biceps lentos out there wait let oh hey what are you doing here
just my jokes just my jokes you know why you're here
you see I got a roadster outside but you know that Jay Leno has a car that
runs on his patented head shake that that's that's renewable energy that's
that's a green source leaving only footprints this car just want this car
keep my hamburger buns in it let oh can I get in your car and just take one
quick show show show yeah yeah yeah this is amazing this car is great it almost
makes up for my lack of personality how about one of my favorite things you ever
did you're you're at Igby's and you went off on Dennis Miller for a hundred
years hey look look it's like crime and punishment with carousel and he's so sad
now he sells smart you listen to him on AM radio if you ever I do driving home
oh god he sells something called smart mouth like he sells these products and
you know he hates doing it but he's like yeah smart mouth like a breath like a
breath of shore type thing because he's got a smart mouth that's marriage made
in heaven synergy conservative heaven if you like synergy baby synergy I haven't
seen this much synergy since Pepsi turned out to be the most favorite soda and
back to the future too yeah look look highs and look highs and burglary the
only uncertainty I see is some some other reference they were late
he was he was he was he was he a switcher was he liberal when when well
here's the true I think the truth is is that he used to what Kevin Rooney was a
guy used to work on his show and I think Kevin Rooney was very politically
aware but I don't think Dennis Miller was ever that politically aware but he was
funny black and white movie liberal guy right like I thought but I think he was
a faux liberal I think he was always he was a people pleaser which that's good
enough for me that's that's you're done as a liberal like like just be a people
pleaser well I thought he was always unpleasant no no but I mean he was trying
that was all I'm saying like if that's your goal then you're fine because I
will lead you to all the right votes and all the right behaviors like like right
otherwise it's you're going like well I gotta protect me and mine are like okay
well now you're getting into yeah it was up is I mean just unbelievable this guy
was rich filthy rich lives up in Santa Barbara and he's still miserable since
9-11 miserable like it was miserable and then use that as a like I'm using
divorce I'm just like I'm getting divorced like come on you were already a
piece of shit these colors don't run and you were a San Francisco right oh no
you LA where did I start you mean yeah well I'm from New York but I started out
in LA okay so you weren't one of the San Francisco no but I knew but I used to go
up in the late 80s and early 90s and all those guys when they were living up
there David Feldman and Brian Paul saying and all those guys yeah what is that
like I hate to dwell on because I'll never Dennis Miller like the I remember a
special mr. Miller goes to Washington do you remember that is this after the
change I don't think it was but no it's way before 9-11 is that what you mean is
there I don't remember that change yeah I don't know where the change happened
that's why I'm asking so I know it was after 9-11 because he used to have a
what his most famous one is like a black and white is the funny one but I don't
even know that would be funny if I watched it now was he like could you have a
conservative slant in that I'm just so curious about that I think it was more
like he would be like he would be liberal like about gay issues and things
like that but then he would be like yeah let's fry him right so like libertarian
that's right it's like yeah hey who cares about gay people as long as I got
money boom right but also he had great writers on the old Dennis Miller show so
I think people thought that he was a politically aware guy I don't think he
really ever was I think he's a guy who knows references but doesn't really know
what they mean necessarily but it's just like colonel Scott's he's like a how
right he's that kind of encyclopedic memory for any reference oh like a boy
Rogers all of a sudden triggers on vacation there and I hate those people
look Marlene a detrick these people don't even care nobody cares about him
anymore no that's the nice thing that's the thing who do you think is funny
right now who's who do you think is a kicking ass I love it don't mean you
James it don't mean there's so many great people Maria Bamford there's so
many great people I always my mind Ron Funches
Sheila McCrae cheers to Andy kindler for keeping a gender balance and his
shout-out to young comics of the day yeah cheers to the same kindler for
evoking the ghost of pirates
she will be on your box I will guard this locker with me very barnacle in soul
plus this airline food is unacceptable if you could resurrect Andy like like
somebody dead like a dead comic you go see him do a set right now I would be I
would pick Lenny Bruce because that only the only thing that I've seen is and I
actually enjoy it but a lot of people don't like it is the performance film
which is the last yeah so I've seen things on Steve Steve Allen but like
Richard Pryor we have that concert film which is still the greatest thing of all
time I think that especially made but we don't have that Lenny Bruce as much
except on the record yeah he would love to have seen him in the club the stuff
I've seen Lenny Bruce like you don't like it doesn't match up with how funny he
was to people that you know are like what they're talking about they saw him
perform live like their relationship with Lenny Bruce is way different than
what I get or the movie Lenny for example which is like nothing like Lenny
Bruce at all what about Bill Hicks did you you must have I got to work with it
I worked I was very lucky I got to work with Bill Hicks what the week after he
got sober in 1988 three weeks in a row and he had just gotten and he was like
kind of so angry and so hilarious like one night he was in Grand Rapids
Michigan he goes yep next week I'll be on Letterman you people will still be
here in this shithole he got so activated is that is it have we because I saw
that documentary about him that was like largely pictures did you see that one
I haven't seen that like the myth of Bill Hicks I have no I will very very readily
accept that the myth is 100% and more like like accurate but I also wonder
do comics need that figure in their life of the guy that went rogue and became
the funniest guy in the world and then and that big because and then pass a
pathway well I don't know but it's like a lot of people see him and they go I
mean I think he's one of these things like people who did see Lenny Bruce live
or did see I mean Bill Hicks live was unbelievable because he was so seamless
he was so like seamless in that he was talking to the crowd the way he would
talk and so I think that that might be missed if you see his stuff on video
right I don't know I mean he's got he has a lot of stuff on you know that he
filmed but and people get caught up in the the I don't know they get caught up
in the fucking like well all comics tried to be like him too well that's oh
yeah the worst of them all yeah all right I didn't stand up when I was
walking in the post-bill Hicks fucking ma'am right I was like like dude you're
not that mad about anything you love cheese curds so much you were so funny
eight minutes ago your entire club was bricks everywhere no you couldn't find
a door to save your life that's what that's what drove Bill Hicks out of his
mind yeah you started in Milwaukee yes do you remember any of your openers
you have it Jeff why don't you go fuck yourself I have never I'm not saying do
it I think do you I I'm not saying you must do one do you remember any of I know
it's I don't like I'm going to say no and here's why it's 10 o'clock and I'm
ashamed of one thing in my life and that is my stand-up set when I was 17 yeah
but you know the lucky thing though was that we'd have cameras and like you
it's like you're putting out some challenge for anyone in Milwaukee that
has there's footage oh yeah did you have an acid wash jacket no worse I had a
terrible act I watch an old footage of me there used to be a couple of rascals
comedy club and they somehow I remember signing the release I could see my face
as I signed it but it was like so they have all this footage of when I had first
started and so I was scared to death but I did see a joke I like which was a
world like in 1989 I wrote the joke Jews are obsessed with Hitler because we
can't remember anything about the pharaoh
like that holds up that holds up yeah I also did a lot of horrible I find that
joke too topical I absolutely promise you that it's I like but in the story of
my life is that I would go like nope you'd hate it you'd hate it you'd hate it
people like dig it up and they'd go like wait that's awful I'd be like motherfucker
I I told you I buried one thing like I asked you to bury it and again I'm not
saying do it is there a joke that you're proud of you remember that you have one
that you think might still hold up no no no no okay highlights that I remember I
used the C word in my act like a lot I thought at 17 the reason unsuccessful
comics didn't use it and Andrew dice clay did is because he was smart and
brave and I used the C word in a giant chunk of my bit about how I didn't like
women at my college that were of a certain category that were doing I did a
then I would talk about jerking off for a while which is like fine we're in safe
territory like like that's fine like like like like just punish yourself but
and then I but I would at the time Jeffrey Dahmer had just eaten a bunch of
people so I had a lot of Dahmer jokes talk about your link was in
go the guy was your your lips to my set list rumble none of them that funny oh
yeah oh someone oh we're having someone's joule again or something and then I
would and then I would close I closed with a it wasn't a rap it was a song it
was like a I don't know what my what my premise was I don't know why it was in
the country Western theme it was a song about masturbation and I would make the
audience would clap and I would sing the song it was me rhyming about
masturbation yeah but you're 17 right yes I wish I was 16 but what if you've
been wearing an act would you expect you're not gonna wear an ascot and
smoke a pipe at that age I do but I'm telling but all I'm saying is just that
like I'm like everybody loves to like talk about how bad they were at all
stuff it's like it's like genuinely it's like you know have you ever been
genuinely ashamed like you're just like like no this isn't cute like it's like
fucking like holy shit this is oh absolute I mean how could you how could
anybody not have those experiences unless you're we're genius the first time
or something like that I don't know why and who were those people I don't know but I'm saying
Schrab my friend Rob Schrab say he was doing stand-up at the same time a couple
years older than me which I will now emphasize the but like like when we
talk about oh remember we did stand up it was so we were so in funny like here's
Schrab's version of the hack ears in Milwaukee Schrab's bits were like like
what what if what if what if the bat signal came on while Batman was taking
a shit that's like that's good bad like like like oh my god that give Aaron
Sorkin wrote a movie and you fucking panned through a club about Rob Schrab
it's like oh here I am doing my bad stand-up and he would do his other bit
was like oh you know keep Tonto and and bones from Star Trek but their their
main job was telling their boss that people were dead and then he would talk
about that and then he would and then he would do a split-screen effect where he
would do him dead Kimusabi he's dead Jim him dead Kimusabi like and he was it
but it was like he he called out the split-screen and it was 1991 and it was
awesome this guy's so funny and now it's like oh remember we're bad stand-ups
no I was saying the C word and I was doing country Western songs and making
people clap about Dahmer like it was like that's there's a different there's a
kind of bad that makes you finish all the person on your plate boom boom good
everybody thank you so much for coming to have a job. Thank you Spencer Krettenen, we really did it.
Andy Kindler everybody thank you Spencer I'm Jeff Davis one more time for your mayor
Mr. Dan Harmon. Yeah! Dan Harmon! Hey we're gonna be in New York. Talk about New
York for a second yeah because we saw we sold out the first New York show so we
we did a second one the night after and we're pretty concerned. What are the
dates November? I don't know but Steve 13th and 14th so come to the I think 13th
is sold out already. So if you're if you're around the east coast and want to
come out or if you have a lot of discretionary funds I want to fly
yourself out first class. If you're at the first show and you're like hey I
think I'll come to both. The one upside of having no act is that you won't hear
anything twice. Please come to both shows. Also the second show clothing
appinal. Andy Kindler everybody. Thank you guys very fast and take chances. Did you
get any of that? It's a good show. Feral Audio.